doc: Update port information for object store (#5596)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-object-store-crd.md

* `type`: `S3` is supported
* `sslCertificateRef`: If the certificate is not specified, SSL will not be configured. If specified, this is the name of the Kubernetes secret that contains the SSL certificate to be used for secure connections to the object store. Rook will look in the secret provided at the `cert` key name. The value of the `cert` key must be in the format expected by the [RGW service](https://docs.ceph.com/docs/master/install/ceph-deploy/install-ceph-gateway/#using-ssl-with-civetweb): "The server key, server certificate, and any other CA or intermediate certificates be supplied in one file. Each of these items must be in pem form."

> * `port`: The port on which the RGW pods and the RGW service will be listening (not encrypted). This will be internal port for rgw daemon only if host network is enabled. Otherwise it uses 8080 by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `port`: The port on which the RGW pods and the RGW service will be listening (not encrypted). This will be an internal port for the RGW daemon only if host network is enabled. Otherwise it uses 8080 by default.
```

Reviewer: Is 8080 an internal rgw default, or it is just referring to the default in rgw-external.yaml?

Author: @travisn it is more like set by rook, 
```go
   //pkg/operator/ceph/object/config.go
    rgwPortInternalPort int32 = 8080 

//pkg/operator/ceph/object/spec.go
func (c *clusterConfig) generateLiveProbePort() intstr.IntOrString {
    // The port the liveness probe needs to probe
    // Assume we run on SDN by default
    port := intstr.FromInt(int(rgwPortInternalPort))

    // If Host Networking is enabled, the port from the spec must be reflected
    if c.clusterSpec.Network.IsHost() {
        if c.store.Spec.Gateway.Port == 0 && c.store.Spec.Gateway.SecurePort != 0 && c.store.Spec.Gateway.SSLCertificateRef != "" {
            port = intstr.FromInt(int(c.store.Spec.Gateway.SecurePort))
        } else {
            port = intstr.FromInt(int(c.store.Spec.Gateway.Port))
        }
    }

    return port
}
```

> * `port`: The port on which the RGW pods and the RGW service will be listening (not encrypted) if host network is enabled. Otherwise, this will be the service port and RGW daemon will be hardcorded to 8080.

Reviewer: It's not hardcoded, right? That would mean it's not configurable. But it is configurable in the rgw-external.yaml.

Author: @travisn The hard corded value of [rgwPortInternalPort](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/pkg/operator/ceph/object/config.go#L42) is used in [generateLiveProbe](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/pkg/operator/ceph/object/spec.go#L172) in the beginning of the function. This will change to `port` in object-store-crd only if host network is enabled. And I am trying to document this info here. This information does not matter in converged mode and but if I am trying to access rgw service externally, we need to provide `internal port` information properly in `rgw-external.yaml`. If we rely only on `service port` of rgw service  it won't work

> * `port`: The port on which the RGW pods and the RGW service will be listening (not encrypted). This will be an internal port for the RGW daemon only if host network is enabled. Otherwise it uses 8080 by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `port`: The port on which the RGW pods and the RGW service will be listening (not encrypted) if host networking is enabled. Otherwise, this will be the Service port and the internal port for the RGW daemon will be hardcoded to 8080.
```

* `type`: `S3` is supported
* `sslCertificateRef`: If the certificate is not specified, SSL will not be configured. If specified, this is the name of the Kubernetes secret that contains the SSL certificate to be used for secure connections to the object store. Rook will look in the secret provided at the `cert` key name. The value of the `cert` key must be in the format expected by the [RGW service](https://docs.ceph.com/docs/master/install/ceph-deploy/install-ceph-gateway/#using-ssl-with-civetweb): "The server key, server certificate, and any other CA or intermediate certificates be supplied in one file. Each of these items must be in pem form."

> * `port`: The port on which the Object service will be reachable. If host networking is enabled, the RGW daemons will also listen on that port. If running on SDN, the RGW daemon listening port will be hardcoded to 8080 internally.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention "hardcoded" since it's more of a developer term.
```suggestion
* `port`: The port on which the Object service will be reachable. If host networking is enabled, the RGW daemons will also listen on that port. If running on SDN, the RGW daemon listening port will be 8080 internally.
```

Author: Done
